added new directory-size-exporter component to be used in telemetry component (#15068)
kyma-project/kyma: components/directory-size-exporter/README.md

# Directory Size Exporter

## Overview

> The directory size exporter is a typical metrics exporter in the prometheus format. It is meant to run as a sidecar to an application to watch a specific application file storage and export metrics about that storage. At the moment it is used only as a sidecar for the `telemetry-fluent-bit` instances to watch the file buffer sizes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The directory size exporter is a typical metrics exporter in the Prometheus format. It is meant to run as a sidecar to an application to watch a specific application file storage and export metrics about that storage. At the moment, it is used only as a sidecar for the `telemetry-fluent-bit` instances to watch the file buffer sizes.
```

> The following configuration options are available:
> * `log-format` - Log format parameter for logger (`json` or `text`)
> * `log-level` - Log level parameter for logger (`debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`)
> * `storage-path` - the path to the root directory to be observed by the exporter (default `/data/log/flb-storage/`)
> * `metric-name` - the metric name to use for the metric exposure (default `telemetry_fsbuffer_usage_bytes`)
> * `port` - the port under which the metrics will be exposed in the prometheus format (default `2021`)
> * `interval` - interval in seconds in which the exporter should check the storage (default `30`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following configuration options are available:
- **log-format** - log format parameter for the logger (`json` or `text`)
- **log-level** - log level parameter for the logger (`debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`)
- **storage-path** - the path to the root directory to be observed by the exporter (default `/data/log/flb-storage/`)
- **metric-name** - the metric name to use for the metric exposure (default `telemetry_fsbuffer_usage_bytes`)
- **port** - the port under which the metrics will be exposed in the Prometheus format (default `2021`)
- **interval** - interval in seconds at which the exporter should check the storage (default `30`)
```

- We format parameters as **bold**, and their values aa `code font`. See the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/03-formatting.md#code-font-and-bold-font) for reference. 
- You do something **at** given intervals, not ~in~. See the [Cambridge Dictionary](https://dictionary.cambridge.org/dictionary/english/interval) for reference.

> - **interval** - interval in seconds at which the exporter should check the storage (default `30`)

Reviewer: Also, as I already mentioned to you via DM, you might consider presenting these parameters in a table.

## Development

### Available Commands

> For development, you can use the following commands:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For development, use the following commands:
```

We tend not to use `can` in the documentation, as this suggests more options. 
See the [guidelines](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/blob/main/docs/guidelines/content-guidelines/02-style-and-terminology.md#voice-and-tone) for reference.

> - Run all tests and validation
> 
> ```bash
> make
> ```
> 
> - Run the exporter locally

Reviewer: ``````suggestion
- Run all tests and validation:

```bash
make
```

- Run the exporter locally:
``````

# Directory Size Exporter

## Overview

> The directory size exporter is monitoring operators storage by collecting information about the size of top level directories and pushing this information to the Prometheus. 

Reviewer 2: Prometheus will pull the metrics

> The directory size exporter is monitoring operators storage by collecting information about the size of top level directories as metrics. Meanwhile, Prometheus will pull the metrics. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The directory size exporter is a typical metrics exporter in the prometheus format. It is meant to run as a sidecar to an application to watch a specific application file storage and export metrics about that storage. At the moment it is used only as a sidecar for the `telemetry-fluent-bit` instances to watch the file buffer sizes
```
The first sentences should provide the full context, here a suggestion. I think it is important to outline what it is exporting metrics and usually runs as a sidecar to an application

> One can path specific values for such things like path to the directory one want to monitor or prometheus metrics as parameters. 
> The list of parameters goes as follows:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The following configuration options are available:
```

* `log-format` - Log format parameter for logger (`json` or `text`)
* `log-level` - Log level parameter for logger (`debug`, `info`, `warn`, `error`, `fatal`)

> * `storage-path` - the path to the root directory which data we want to observe (default `/data/log/flb-storage/`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `storage-path` - the path to the root directory to be observed by the exporter (default `/data/log/flb-storage/`)
```

> * `metric-name` - which name we use for our metrics in prometheus (default `telemetry_fsbuffer_usage_bytes`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `metric-name` - the metric name to use for the metric exposure (default `telemetry_fsbuffer_usage_bytes`)
```

> * `port` - which port application listens (default `2021`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `port` - the port under which the metrics will be exposed in the prometheus format (default `2021`)
```

> * `interval` - how frequently we record to prometheus in seconds (default `30`)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* `interval` - interval in seconds in which the exporter should check the storage (default `30`)
```

## Development

### Available Commands

For development, you can use the following commands:

- Run all tests and validation

```bash
make
```

> - Run the exporter locally (uses current kubeconfig context)

Reviewer 2: A kubeconfig is not required since you do not interact with the Kubernetes API
